[{"question": "An advert featuring a famous painting was placed next to an elevator in an ingenious position. The advert’s tagline reads, “Be born again.” Who will you become, if just for a moment?", "index": 1443, "answer": "The advert featuring a famous painting next to an elevator with the tagline, \"Be born again,\" is showing the Creation of Adam by Michaelangelo. The image chosen for the advert is the hand of God reaching out to touch Adam. In the painting, God is giving life to Adam, the first human. So when you touch the elevator button that replicates the finger of God touching Adam, for just a moment, as you call the lift, you symbolically become the first human or are symbolically \"reborn\" as the first human, although in reality, you aren't physically transformed."}, {"question": "'Police [blank] [blank] Was Accidental.' Which two words have been removed from this newspaper headline from a 1993 film?", "index": 8492, "answer": "The two words removed from the newspaper headline are \"Academy\" and \"4\". The full headline from the 1993 film \"Police Academy 4\" was \"Police Academy 4 Was Accidental\"."}, {"question": "Putney Bridge in London is unusual in that it has a church at both ends — All Saints on the north bank of the Thames, and St Mary’s on the south bank. How did that come about?", "index": 13613, "answer": "The churches at Putney Bridge in London, All Saints on the north bank and St Mary’s on the south bank, predate the construction of the bridge itself. The bridge was built much later to connect the two separate parishes, each with their own church. The two parishes had existed since the 12th and 13th centuries, respectively, before the bridge was constructed in 1729."}, {"question": "There is a mathematical reason why bees make their honeycombs using hexagonal shape cells. What is that reason? Why are bees such big fans of hexagons?", "index": 21265, "answer": "Bees make honeycombs using hexagonal shapes because hexagons are the most efficient way to pack equal-sized circles into a space. This means that the total perimeter of the hexagons is minimized, allowing bees to use the least amount of wax to create the cells. This mathematical property is known as the Kepler conjecture, which was proven in 1998."}, {"question": "At the 1924 Olympic Games, the American athlete Robert LeGendre set a world record with a long jump of 7.76 meters, which no one surpassed at the event. However, he only received a bronze medal for his efforts. Why?", "index": 29907, "answer": "Robert LeGendre set a world record in the long jump event at the 1924 Olympic Games with a jump of 7.76 meters, but he only received a bronze medal because he was competing in the five event pentathlon. Although he broke the world record in the long jump, he did not qualify for the individual long jump event, and the medals for the pentathlon were awarded based on the overall results in all five events."}, {"question": "Some time ago, you could try to purchase two items from Rotunden, a Danish supermarket. Excuse my pronunciation, I don’t know that much Danish. One would cost you the equivalent of six dollars, while the other cost $150, even though both items were completely identical. Why?", "index": 35411, "answer": "This is a reference to a tax on second-hand electronic items sold in Denmark since 2005, commonly called the \"Swedish fee,\" as Sweden implemented a similar charge in the 1950s. The charge aims to raise funding for environmental projects and to reduce sales of used items that compete with newly produced products from manufacturers, who in some cases would not pay tax to the Danish government for sold items. So, despite them being the exact same product with no discernible differences aside from whether they are previously or newly bought, the price on the secondhand item had significantly increased."}, {"question": "If only more people told the truth, more of them would be sold. What are they?", "index": 40999, "answer": "The answer refers to birthday candles. The theory is that if people are honest about their age (e.g., for employment, etc.), they would need less candles for their birthdays, meaning fewer candles would be sold."}]