[{"question": "In 1988, white T-shirts with a single black stripe diagonally across them began to be sold in Italian markets. Why?", "index": 1697, "answer": "The answer to this question is that in 1988, white T-shirts with a single black stripe diagonally across them began to be sold in Italian markets to get around the law requiring drivers to wear seatbelts. The diagonal black stripe was meant to give the appearance that the wearer was wearing a seatbelt, even when they were not."}, {"question": "As well as its olives and wine grapes, the residents of ancient Greece also valued another plant — the carob. It is said that its seeds had an unusual property that led to a useful quantity that we use today. What is it?", "index": 8614, "answer": "The carob seeds were used to create the standard for measuring diamonds and precious gemstones, which is called a carat. Each carob seed is roughly the same size and weight as a one carat diamond."}, {"question": "In which common commercial product do 25% of the contents have no effect?", "index": 13188, "answer": "The common commercial product referred to is a 28-day pack of birth control pills. In a 28-day pack, 21 pills are active, and 7 placebo pills have no pharmaceutical effect, but serve as a reminder to take the daily tablet."}, {"question": "In 1991, a man lost his house and possessions in a large fire that spread through the Oakland Hills in San Francisco. As a direct result, he developed one of the biggest creative successes in history. What was it?", "index": 18984, "answer": "The man, Will Wright, developed The Sims, a popular computer game franchise, after losing his house in a fire in 1991. The game was launched in the year 2000 and has sold over 200 million units."}, {"question": "In 1960, Theodore Maiman defined the strength of these in terms of 'gillettes'. What are they?", "index": 28661, "answer": "The strength was defined in terms of razor blades (Gillettes), specifically the measure of how many razor blades these could cut through, which was used for measuring the power of lasers."}, {"question": "In 2013, a Chinese man called Mr. Feng hired professional hitmen to kill his 23-year-old son, Xiao. Despite this becoming public knowledge, he was never charged with a crime. What was going on?", "index": 35399, "answer": "The question refers to an actual incident that occurred in 2013 in China. Mr. Feng hired professional hitmen to kill his son, Xiao, because he was frustrated with his son's behavior, particularly his preference for playing video games instead of looking for a job. However, since the hitmen were unable to carry out the murder, Mr. Feng was never charged with a crime. The question plays on the notion that hiring hitmen to commit a murder is generally considered a criminal act, but in this case, no crime was committed because the hitmen were unable to carry out the murder. The son, Xiao, eventually discovered what his father was trying to do and confronted him."}, {"question": "In which specific sport do you not cross the finish line, nor cross the start line either?", "index": 40133, "answer": "The sport in question is backstroke swimming. In backstroke swimming, competitors start from the back of the pool and must not cross the start line because they have to push off from the wall behind it. They also cannot touch the finish line because they have to flip over and complete their stroke in order to be considered finished."}]