[{"question": "From your seat, you can see a Salt Shaker and a Sea Slug inside a circle. Why?", "index": 1206, "answer": "The Salt Shaker and the Sea Slug inside a circle can be found in an aquarium, most likely as part of a setup for observing marine life. The sea slug is a type of small marine mollusk, while a salt shaker is often used to season the water to mimic the salinity levels found in the sea for the sea slug's well-being. The circle in this case is most likely a boundary or a container holding the aquarium setup."}, {"question": "Why does a list of number one albums for the official UK music charts have no entry for the year 1959?", "index": 7966, "answer": "The list of number one albums for the official UK music charts has no entry for the year 1959 because the charts did not exist yet. The charts started in the early 1950s, and there were no official charts for albums in 1959."}, {"question": "In 2019, people who were looking to improve their drinking habits went to a section of an Asda supermarket in Britain. However, around a third of the people who went were confused — or, at best, amused — when they saw this sign. What was on the sign?", "index": 14717, "answer": "The sign said \"Free Alcohol\" instead of \"Alcohol-Free\", which caused confusion because it suggested that the section was offering free alcohol, when in fact it was for alcohol-free products. This happened in a Welsh Asda supermarket, where only about a third of the population speaks Welsh, so many people were not familiar with the English phrase \"alcohol-free\"."}, {"question": "In The Lord of the Flies by William Golding, the gang of boys on a faraway island start a fire. What's the problem with this scene?", "index": 18900, "answer": "The problem with the scene is that one of the boys, Ralph, is shortsighted, and his glasses are designed to converge light, which means they wouldn't focus light to start a fire."}, {"question": "On Sunday, June 6th, 1841, the famous English painter J.M.W. Turner rode a boat into the Thames and stayed there overnight. Why?", "index": 24817, "answer": "J.M.W. Turner rode a boat into the Thames and stayed there overnight to avoid taking part in the census, an obligation that everyone had at that time. The census was a process where everyone in the population was counted, and Turner tried to avoid being counted by staying on his boat in the middle of the river during the night of the census."}, {"question": "A PhD student got two tattoos, one in the middle of each inner forearm. They were circles of different sizes. Why?", "index": 31028, "answer": "The circles represent the relative sizes of the Earth and the Moon. When the student holds their arms out to the sides, the distance between the circles represents the distance between the Earth and the Moon. The larger circle represents the Earth, and the smaller circle represents the Moon. This tattoo serves as a visual representation of the scale of the solar system."}, {"question": "Why are Swiss Army knives red?", "index": 35434, "answer": "Swiss Army knives are red so they can be easily found in snow. The color red stands out against a white background, making the tool easier to spot when it is lost in snowy conditions, a common environment for outdoor activities where Swiss Army knives are often used."}]