[{"question": "In 1976, how did Steve Jobs avenge his previous employer, Atari, by choosing a specific name for his new company?", "index": 1285, "answer": "Steve Jobs named his new company Apple to get a listing advantage over Atari in the phone book, as 'A' comes before 'T' alphabetically."}, {"question": "The organisation '5th Pillar' prints a bank note to dissuade people of India from contributing to a rampant problem. What is this bank note's unique feature?", "index": 6597, "answer": "This question refers to a real organization, the '5th Pillar', which is recognized by the United Nations. The organization prints zero rupee banknotes with 'zero' printed on them to combat the widespread problem of corruption in India. These fake banknotes are meant to be used in exchange for bribes to draw attention to the issue and encourage change."}, {"question": "The actor Ian McKellen once gave the Pet Shop Boys this piece of celebrity advice: \"When posing in a group photograph for the press, always stand on the extreme right.\" Why did he give that advice?", "index": 12714, "answer": "Ian McKellen's advice was to always stand on the extreme right in group photos for the press because his name would then appear first in the caption that accompanied the photo, thus ensuring he would be the main focus of attention."}, {"question": "A man looks up into the night sky. As a direct result, he goes on to kill dozens of people. Why?", "index": 18563, "answer": "This question refers to an ancient Roman practice of using the Big Dipper constellation to determine a potential recruit's eyesight for the role of an archer in the Roman army. In the Big Dipper, there are stars called Mizar and Alcor, and if you can tell them apart, your eyesight is considered good enough to qualify as an archer in the Roman army. In this scenario, the man who looked at the Big Dipper had eyesight that met the qualifications, making him eligible to serve as an archer, which led to him killing dozens of people in battle. The question may seem unrelated at first, but the connection is made through the constellation and its historical context in ancient Rome."}, {"question": "In September 1970, an aerial photo was taken at the island of Cozo Alcatraz in Cuba. The photo shows a soccer field, tennis court, volleyball courts, and a basketball court. How did that provoke a major crisis?", "index": 26650, "answer": "In 1970, the aerial photo of sports courts on Cozo Alcatraz island in Cuba created a crisis because it suggested a foreign military presence. The reasoning is that, at the time, Americans associated Cubans with baseball, while the Soviet Union favored soccer. As soccer courts were present, the United States saw this as evidence of the Russians being involved in Cuba. This would have been especially significant as the Cold War was still ongoing at the time."}, {"question": "The British engineer and manufacturer Matthew Boulton once remarked that it was very appropriate that he was born in the year 1728. Why?", "index": 34021, "answer": "Matthew Boulton was born in the year 1728 because engineers, especially manufacturing engineers, are typically interested in imperial measurements related to volumes like cubic inches, cubic feet or boxes of goods packaging. Given that a standard moving box is usually a 12x12x12 unit, since it forms a perfect cube with 1728 cubic inches, Boulton seemed to identify with that relationship and found the occurrence of 1728 fitting for his line of work."}, {"question": "10, 9, 8, 7, 6... 4, 3, 2, 1. When is a countdown like that used?", "index": 39428, "answer": "A countdown like this is often used in situations where something is about to be ignited or blown up, such as in pyrotechnics or explosives. The phrase \"10, 9, 8, 7, 6... 4, 3, 2, 1\" is skipped over the number five because five sounds too similar to \"fire\". This is done as a tradition and out of safety precautions to avoid confusing or panicking people."}]