[{"question": "For a number of years, customers of Kodak were unhappy with seeing a cloudy effect and black spots on their X-ray photographic film. What was the cause of the problem, which proved to be outside of Kodak's control?", "index": 1646, "answer": "The cloudy effect and black spots on Kodak's X-ray photographic film were caused by radiation contamination from US nuclear tests, specifically the Trinity bomb test in 1945. The contamination was in the straw board packaging, which was shipped to Kodak, and the radiation exposure was outside of Kodak's control as it was caused by the US government's nuclear testing program."}, {"question": "A US company devised its new logo when it had three stores. They planned to update the logo regularly, but soon dropped that idea when they expanded too quickly. Which company was it, and what was the gimmick?", "index": 9390, "answer": "The company was Domino's Pizza. The gimmick was that the number of dots in the Domino's Pizza logo represented the number of stores the company had. The company initially planned to add a dot for each new store, but stopped when they expanded too quickly and reached 12 dots, as a domino can only have 12 pips."}, {"question": "A small girl asked her father to take her to the \"arrow park\". After trying all the local playgrounds unsuccessfully, he finally understood that she wanted to go somewhere quite different. Where was that?", "index": 17722, "answer": "The \"arrow park\" in question was actually an airport, since the girl mistook airplanes for arrows. This error was due to her hearing a name that sounded similar (\"arrow\" instead of \"airport\") and assuming it meant where the \"arrows\" or planes landed."}, {"question": "How could you quickly and easily tell whether the dice being used were 'loaded'?", "index": 21354, "answer": "To quickly and easily check whether the dice being used were 'loaded,' float them in a drink or another liquid, and see if one side always turns and faces upwards. The weighted side should sink or always come up on one number due to the dice being \"loaded.\""}, {"question": "To avoid confusion, which niche industry uses days that start at six o'clock in the morning and end at 59 minutes past 29?", "index": 27157, "answer": "The niche industry that uses days starting at six o'clock in the morning and ending at 59 minutes past 29 is the television industry, specifically for TV listings, ratings, and advertising sales, as the day is counted from 6:00 AM to 30 o'clock in their system to avoid confusion with the change of days."}, {"question": "From 1789 to 2015, a certain group of French people were forbidden from going on holiday without giving notice to the local authority first and putting up a public notice. What did they do for a living?", "index": 34664, "answer": "The group of French people forbidden from going on holiday without notice were bakers in Paris. A law was passed after the French Revolution that required bakers to give notice to the local authorities and put up a public notice in their window if they were going on holiday, and to provide the name of the nearest rival bakery so customers could continue to buy their daily bread. This law was in place until 2015, when it was scrapped as part of a crackdown on red tape."}, {"question": "What sort of person would be interested in buying 1.91 US dollars?", "index": 39151, "answer": "A coin collector interested in completing a set of U.S. coins, including pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters, half-dollars, and dollar coins, might be interested in buying 1.91 US dollars. This specific amount corresponds to the value of these coins, making it an unusual or niche purchase for such a purpose."}]