[{"question": "A real 13th century mystery: A body is found in a rice field with the throat cut. Many field workers owned sharp tools. When asked to lay down their scythes, which all looked identical, the murderer soon knew the game was up. Why?", "index": 1402, "answer": "The murderer knew the game was up because all the scythes looked identical, but one was missing from the pile. Since the murderer was a field worker who owned a scythe, and the scythe used to commit the crime was not in the pile, it was easily identifiable. This is why the murderer knew the game was up when asked to lay down their scythes."}, {"question": "Michelle Knapp bought a secondhand car for $300. A few days later, after a 164 mile per hour collision, she was able to sell the damaged car for $25,000 and make a further $50,000 on top. How?", "index": 8091, "answer": "Michelle Knapp bought a secondhand car that was hit by a meteor, and the meteorite was sold as a collectible, bringing the car's total value to $80,000 ($25,000 for the damaged car and $55,000 for the meteorite)."}, {"question": "What is the very specific connection between the flags of Turkmenistan, the USA, and Brazil?", "index": 13887, "answer": "The flags of Turkmenistan, the USA, and Brazil all include a design element with star-like shapes that resemble a five-point star, as they all have or had five regions represented (formerly six for Brazil) by the stars on their flag at one point in their history."}, {"question": "What does a ten-pin bowler achieve by rolling a spare, then three strikes, then another spare, across five consecutive frames?", "index": 18554, "answer": "A ten-pin bowler achieves a turkey sandwich, or a slash, a turkey, and another slash, across five consecutive frames. This term describes a sequence of bowling where they roll a spare, then three strikes, then another spare. It is called a \"turkey sandwich\" because of the visual representation of the sequence."}, {"question": "In the 1830s and early 1840s, why did British third class train carriages have holes in the floor?", "index": 23238, "answer": "The holes in the floor of British third class train carriages in the 1830s and early 1840s were to allow rain water to drain away as these carriages did not have a roof. They were designed to be simple and cheap with minimal amenities."}, {"question": "How did the Egyptians use a loop of rope with twelve regularly-spaced knots? Again. How did the Egyptians use a loop of rope with twelve regularly-spaced knots?", "index": 27584, "answer": "The loop of rope with twelve regularly-spaced knots was used by the Egyptians as a form of set square, with each angle having three, four, or five spaces, respectively. The arrangement of knots corresponds to the Pythagorean triple (3, 4, 5), which is used to construct right angles. This set square tool was used in architecture and construction to help build accurate angles and maintain precision in the ancient Egyptian buildings, such as pyramids and temples."}, {"question": "In which 1972 film does an elderly man go to sleep in Hollywood, but wake up next to Khartoum?", "index": 32426, "answer": "In 1972's movie \"The Godfather,\" as the character Vito Corleone is sleeping during his daughter's wedding scene, he sleeps for too long and a horse named Khartoum, from Apocalypse Now, wakes him by stepping on his chest after he had accidentally fallen into a pit earlier in the night."}]