[{"question": "In 1998, many people bought tickets to the Brad Pitt film Meet Joe Black. Handfuls of people walked out of cinemas across America before the film even began. Why?", "index": 1503, "answer": "The film that was attached as a trailer to Meet Joe Black was Star Wars: The Phantom Menace. Some Star Wars fans bought tickets to the cinema just to watch the trailer for the new Star Wars film, and left after watching it."}, {"question": "Harking back to its first edition in 1925, which competition's trophy contains a number of gladioli? Harking back to its first edition in 1925, which competition's trophy contains a number of gladioli?", "index": 8211, "answer": "The trophy used in the Scripps National Spelling Bee, from its first edition in 1925, contains a number of gladioli. The first winner was actually presented with a bouquet of the flower 'gladiolus.' This tradition has persisted, and the trophy made from a bronze sculpture is topped with nine such flowers."}, {"question": "Around 30 minutes before bedtime, Sophia spreads a light film of cooking oil onto a plate. Why?", "index": 17595, "answer": "Sophia is using the plate to catch mosquitoes. The plate is made from lightweight plastic (such as melamine), which mosquitoes stick to when they land on the oil. This is a low-cost trick to combat mosquitoes, particularly in Southeast Asia."}, {"question": "In the year 1876, so cast your minds, why did editor Melville Stone — real person, not just a placeholder name — convince local traders to mark their prices ending in \"99 cents\" rather than whole dollars? Basically, up until then, I believe, people in the nearby shops were like, \"oh, that costs $6.\" And Melvin's \"Hey, have you considered $5.99?\" And why, were they a firm believer in this approach?", "index": 21822, "answer": "The question is asking about a pricing strategy implemented by editor Melville Stone in 1876, where he convinced local traders to end their prices in \"99 cents\" instead of whole dollars. The strategy was aimed at making prices appear cheaper to customers, as it requires fewer digits to read, and was motivated by Melville's interest in shifting more copies of his newspaper, which cost a single penny each. This pricing approach was effective in getting people to have more pennies in their pockets, which would help them buy more items, including the newspapers."}, {"question": "In August 2022, how did a group of Chicago teenagers raise money for charity using 5,000 boxes of Corn Pops and Rice Krispies?", "index": 27709, "answer": "The Chicago teenagers raised money for charity in August 2022 by creating an enormous Ukrainian flag using 5,000 boxes of Corn Pops and Rice Krispies as the flag's colors: yellow for Corn Pops representing the top half of the flag and blue for Rice Krispies for the bottom half. They donated the boxes to a food bank after the project and raised $15,000 for charity. Kelloggs provided the boxes free of charge."}, {"question": "In the 1930s, the American burger chain White Castle hit upon a way to make their stores virtually immune to large rent increases. What was it?", "index": 34053, "answer": "White Castle made their stores immune to large rent increases by building their own structures, owned by a subsidiary company called the Porcelain Steel Buildings Company, which they used for all of their White Castle buildings. This way, they could relocate the structures to different locations if necessary, such as if rent increased or sales were poor."}, {"question": "Which American TV show has a version in Azerbaijan called 61!?", "index": 41838, "answer": "The American TV show Jeopardy! has a version in Azerbaijan called 61!, as the standard game of Jeopardy! has 61 total clues."}]